Gwenevere Abriel: Cindy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Daniel session spelling
Gwenevere Abriel: So how are you
Cynthia We: I'm okay, how are you
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm good. Good.
Cynthia We: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I still have a a giggle left in me. So if it seems like I'm really giggly and
Gwenevere Abriel: I am just so got this little funny a funny miscommunication with the tele health happened. And so someone said something and
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so ridiculous. But anyway, so I like I said, I still got a giggle than me, I'm trying, I'm trying to I'm Chuck. If you ever gotten stuck on one and you can't quite shake it.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Oh,
Cynthia We: So I've seen them a lot and
Cynthia We: Since I since I last saw you. I did a personality test on Friday. And then I'm I met with Jocelyn and yesterday. Yesterday for
Cynthia We: Rap. It's called breath.
Cynthia We: I guess it's relapse.
Cynthia We: Prevention or something like that.
Cynthia We: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is I mean you're gonna ask me about it.
Nope.
Cynthia We: I was confused.
Cynthia We: I thought that the arm.
Cynthia We: The personality testing was cool, but then like I got these emails from life thrive, like literally 30 minutes later, that sounded totally like sales emails and on it was like Cynthia, tell us what made you reach out to us. Why did you want me to reach out
Cynthia We: A
Gwenevere Abriel: Weird
Cynthia We: Yeah, well, yeah, considering I job. I was just doing something I was supposed to. And they gave my email address us I proved it gave permission but um
Cynthia We: It was just, it was like a perfect example of the wrong tone of email.
Cynthia We: He should not have been selling somebody you know that just came that that
Cynthia We: Is involved with the organization's through a different organization like it felt like sales.
Cynthia We: He's gonna try and sell me something. So they're going to spam know even though I felt like it was interesting and maybe I could use some of the information they started sending me
Cynthia We: Email. I can't deal with any more emails I get many. I can't even get them new I'm overwhelmed with them. So I'm just like,
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess you I guess I'm trying to figure out how to I feel like I say blocks this one and then there they are, again, I'm like,
Cynthia We: If I a
Gwenevere Abriel: Bath and Beyond. One more time. I'm like your online know you're on my block.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm like, so then I dig a little YouTube. I'm like, No, seriously, how do you do it. And so now I'm trying this other thing. It's like a little deeper. And so now I'm trying, but it's my effort. I've got it.
Yeah.
Cynthia We: So many it is totally a lot of effort and and you have to be at your computer in order to label them spam. I can't do it from my phone and I most of my email from my phone.
Cynthia We: So,
Cynthia We: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Cynthia We: A lot of them aren't, aren't spammy, they're there, you know, for the kids, things that they have to do, but everybody feels like they have to write this law. I'm the same way I start talking and I can't stop.
Cynthia We: In an email. Um, but, but, but I can't read them. I don't have time to read all these paragraphs.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm in what tell me what was interest. Well you we can talk about whatever you want to. But if you want to say what was interesting about personality piece. Once you find
Cynthia We: Oh, yeah. So, um,
Cynthia We: Let me see.
Cynthia We: If I can find my results. I just sat down and told my computer to go ahead and update
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, no.
Cynthia We: It had to restart. To do that, it me, it would be nine minutes.
Cynthia We: I know better than to do that right before my therapy.
Cynthia We: Except it's ready. It's done.
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: It said like that. I'm I'm necessarily a leader, but I'm more of
Cynthia We: Like independent creative like to do my own. It was all about work, which I thought was good, since I don't really work.
Cynthia We: Um, as I started answering the questions. I said, Okay, I'm just gonna pretend that I'm back at Leo Burnett, and I'm me answering the questions relative relative to Leo Burnett because because they wouldn't have it any other part of your life only at work really
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: And it said that I follow the rules. I'm, I'm not necessarily a rule breaker. I am a
Cynthia We: I'm not necessarily a rebel I follow the rules and nice. I
Cynthia We: Think that's what it said.
Okay.
Cynthia We: Why are you years to stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Said a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Of it. Last thing last sentence again.
Cynthia We: Why is this computer taking
Cynthia We: 100 years to start. Why is it setting up my Mac. That is weird. That is scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So it sounds like it's doing that read. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Cynthia We: Oh it updated okay it updated.
Cynthia We: I just don't understand why it goes through all that tough day doesn't make any sense.
Cynthia We: But I can't pull up any results because it's taking too long.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here.
Cynthia We: You go there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're on the phone. Is that what you're looking at.
Cynthia We: I'm on the phone. I've got my computer in front of
Cynthia We: Me. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, how about this. You could see if we can. Well, let's just commit to the phone. It actually has better connection than
Cynthia We: The. Oh, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your computer has at times, but it, but could we land me somewhere propped up on some books.
Cynthia We: Oh yeah, I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number. Okay.
Cynthia We: Yeah, or lead there on my computer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. Oh, cool. Okay, great. I bet I can. If you really interested, I can take time I there's a program probably where that personality and betray landed. I'm not
Cynthia We: I got
Cynthia We: Here it's taken me an hour to get through it because I updated my computer.
Cynthia We: So,
Okay.
Cynthia We: Okay.
Cynthia We: See you.
Cynthia We: Zoom.
Cynthia We: There we go. Okay.
Cynthia We: This is
Cynthia We: My score. My behavioral style. Is that enough
Cynthia We: Followed by applying
Cynthia We: Followed by influence
Cynthia We: And then dominance is way, way down.
Cynthia We: And, um, it's how I respond to rules and procedures and how I interact with others.
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: I'm good at being supported friendly and optimistic in most relationships interacting with others with ability to enjoy each person's uniqueness and I use balance judgment and brings to the to the entire team.
Cynthia We: To outsiders. I normally appear as someone who is cordial but modest and conservative
Cynthia We: When under stress. I may appear to hold a grudge if others dropped the ball.
Cynthia We: When I am anxious. It is normally in the midst of conflict which may cause me to lose face.
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: I think what's funny.
Cynthia We: Is, uh,
Cynthia We: Um, as I was answering the question, I started getting confused like
Cynthia We: They seemed a lot of the things seemed very similar to me. So I had trouble like putting them in order, because it seemed like oh that says exactly the same thing is that, so what do you mean you want me to put them in order. They're, they're exactly the same thing. So
Cynthia We: Yeah, I'm not really clear. I don't know actually I would do with this i don't i don't know if i know anything new about myself.
Cynthia We: It's kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Interesting maybe
Cynthia We: It might be helpful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well that's yours right
Cynthia We: Well, your theoretical mindset is not irrelevant. You will normally focus on other aspects of your life, which often take precedence.
Cynthia We: Right.
Cynthia We: So,
Cynthia We: It's got my mental approach here and
Cynthia We: Where will I go from here I can click that and probably buy something.
Oh,
Cynthia We: I really like Jocelyn. Oh, I think she's very nice and she's um. She's very cute like
Cynthia We: We talked today about a plan like a about
Cynthia We: A
Cynthia We: A schedule which we all my, my whole family dinner schedule because
Cynthia We: We've been talking about doing it for a month. And we finally got around to doing it. And, um, it includes exercise and it includes family time and it includes time
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: Teagan we just found out has not handed a bunch of this, the sense them.
Cynthia We: So we
Cynthia We: He's struggling. He's struggling with
Cynthia We: He's struggling with sitting down and doing instead. And so we have to help them with that and on I forget my whole my whole point was that we came up with a Schedule A Jocelyn. And I did that, that
Cynthia We: I'm includes yoga and exercise and getting up early and go to bed on time, like all the things that I know I need to do. Eating regularly.
Cynthia We: I told her that you and I do more important things than that. So, so it's good that we're doing that on the side.
Cynthia We: Again, because we're working on, and my shame response and other things that are going to definitely hold me back.
Cynthia We: So it's good that we're coming up with the schedule. I'm in a different meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to try to see what you see when I go into pulse and look at it.
Cynthia We: Oh, is that where you're connected
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Recognize I'm working on.
Gwenevere Abriel: And personality.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think that programs open. I must have closed it a minute ago. Go back in
Gwenevere Abriel: You are holding wraps.
Cynthia We: Rap with w right
It is
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. That's right. You search there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So plan evaluation re evaluate new daily routine. So you have
Gwenevere Abriel: My new daily routine will help to improve my quality of life. I will wake up at 9:30am I will setting up an alarm if able to sleep early
Cynthia We: Oh, the whole thing was falling asleep. The whole the whole film is falling asleep at night. I didn't have a trouble last night though because I really got a lot of gardening done yesterday and exercise. I had no trouble sleep last night. So I think that's the key.
Cynthia We: To make sure I'm getting enough exercise.
Cynthia We: Because if you fall asleep at 4am it's not smart to get up at nine if if you don't have to, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So then you eat meals on time. Drink more water. I will do activities. Okay. Danielle activities daily living. Make a specific plan for the day to be able to do more in a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: exercise daily to include yoga and meditation advise to do walking exercise in the morning and do yoga and meditation at night.
Gwenevere Abriel: daily routine continue with gardening she plans on
Gwenevere Abriel: structuring the gardening advice to do it on an installment and give her children.
Gwenevere Abriel: With the planning and organizing the garden involve her children to the daily chores and activities at home, such as gardening cleaning walking advise to start first with attending online church services and once
That
Gwenevere Abriel: Nobody can tell me if
Cynthia We: I'm laughing because she suggested church. And I was like,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: So physically, emotionally, and spiritually maybe attend an actual church service.
Gwenevere Abriel: daily routine of sleep early to be able to wake up early sleep at around 12 I'm assuming she means
Cynthia We: Midnight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh, read earlier than usual, to be able to sleep early do some yoga and meditation at night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pandemic she has more stress due to some conflict arguments with her teenage son and husbands and he is currently doing some meditation, but expressed that she would like to do more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take this
Gwenevere Abriel: Next to
Cynthia We: ordered a hot tub cover.
Cynthia We: I can't tell you how excited I am that we can actually fill our hearts out
Cynthia We: It's gonna be awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we find
Gwenevere Abriel: Another activity that's around the house and right
Cynthia We: Totally. Yes. And we've had this Gatto, hot, hot tub cover for it's probably been here for 25 years like since the thing was bought
Cynthia We: And so just taped it together, cheap to together every last year, I tried to fix it and I take there was there was double sided tape on it and it's got all over it and
Cynthia We: I took covers are literally like, if I were to replace this one, it would be $600 which is a lot of money to spend on something that you don't even own and I'm Scott farm one for 329 and it's going to take them four weeks to get it here, but it's okay.
Cynthia We: It will be here before we leave.
Cynthia We: And help him to, I think, calm down. He's very angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you mentioned a little bit of that in group. I don't know if he had you want to continue that.
Cynthia We: Call yeah I wasn't liking him very much.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was that experience like for you.
Cynthia We: Oh, I, I loved it. Um, I totally felt
Cynthia We: I so identified with what Wayne said, just because that
Cynthia We: Used to happen all the time was March, all the time. And then I would walk around feeling like I was an idiot like I overstepped and I shouldn't have said that.
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: It was really struggling, it just
Cynthia We: I liked it. I was really glad that he brought it up and it really made me feel like
Cynthia We: Wow. Other people have exactly the same response and exactly, you know, the same struggles going on inside and that that always feels good. And when somebody else you can identify with someone
Cynthia We: And Wayne always strikes me as someone who's got a shit together. So, um, I think he's been in the program, maybe a little longer than me.
Cynthia We: So, so my perception of him is that he's progressing AND HE'S DOING GREAT JOB, AND I'M to see him fall apart a little bit felt very human.
Cynthia We: You know, like
It was good.
Cynthia We: I missed the people in our group, like the last time I went to group. Let the time before this. It wasn't my regular people, none of the people were my regular people and that feels uncomfortable.
Cynthia We: I like going to group.
Cynthia We: I see the people that I know and
Cynthia We: I feel like I can, I can talk a little, little easier.
Cynthia We: I guess everybody isn't in group anymore though or everybody is like
Cynthia We: Skin scaling back maybe their therapy in their group session.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: There are a lot of versions to why
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of versions on why they wouldn't be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of them include what you just described. Sometimes it's because they don't have insurance, and it's for really expensive out of pocket.
Cynthia We: Bad it's $50 my insurance.
Cynthia We: And for somebody, and imagine
Gwenevere Abriel: Some people. It's that they have
Gwenevere Abriel: There's alternating weeks and you may be missing them, they might be flip flopping with you, much like you, you're attending every other week they might have dropped out of the program, they
Gwenevere Abriel: What else would be a reason
Gwenevere Abriel: Mr group or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's there's lots of different reasons why.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there was. It was a the closest to what is a process group. I've had a few of them, it's I don't get to do them very often.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where people actually get to talk about their current experiences and then other group members get to sort of vibe off of that and share what's going on for them. But yeah, I've got. I got some messages via text about that group to that it had a more meaningful impact then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yep, they're just regurgitating information and I am acutely aware of how much more useful it is to have a process group and it's an open group, which means some weeks are going to be comprised of five people and
Gwenevere Abriel: Typically, it's that experience that you just described, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know these people. And so then the sharing kind of pulls back and nobody wants to sort of share their truth and we keep it light and fluffy and nobody's willing to talk about that vulnerable stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a lot of reasons why this isn't a process group number one process group is supposed to be 90 minutes
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Where I come from, this is a farce.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. This is like
Gwenevere Abriel: The fact that you've got a morsel of benefit from it speaks to how much you're putting into it, how much you are very present for it and you are, you're ready to take this information in
Gwenevere Abriel: Because really, these are the way it's structured. They're very long there learn hour and a half. And that will go by like this because it's that exchange the whole time.
Cynthia We: Now wasn't going to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, for you, for you, for you and it's
Gwenevere Abriel: It goes by very fast, but that last half hour is typically talking about how it felt to share to not share on to do that, processing and all I get is, okay, Cindy. You have 20 seconds to tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: What your truth was, and it's not enough. So it's
Cynthia We: Always something from group.
Cynthia We: So I, I, I feel it's like it's very rare that I've
Cynthia We: Always get something you always have some good information to share, even if it's necessarily connecting with the other people. I always feel like I learned something.
Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: We have about a half hour. What would you like to do, what would you like to experience today.
Cynthia We: Is there a dog barking.
Gwenevere Abriel: There is a small church.
Cynthia We: Here hearing something
Gwenevere Abriel: He, um, he is speaking his mind.
Cynthia We: Oh yes, I hear
Cynthia We: And buddy.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's not getting his do attention. I do believe, but I think it's alerting us that there's someone walking by.
Cynthia We: Oh, of course. Of course.
Gwenevere Abriel: windows are low. So he's little body he can actually see
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, so his little notice
Gwenevere Abriel: So he's on point he's protecting the family.
Cynthia We: That's awesome.
Cynthia We: But I thought
Cynthia We: When I was when I am well I guess it was my parents when I was away at college used to lay on my bad, my bad was in them.
Cynthia We: I had the front room with the big window in the front and the dog would lay on my back and I you know I never went back to live there. So, so it was actually the dogs but bear
Cynthia We: And bear with lay there and then anytime anybody walked by, he would shred like like go crazy and freak out and and shredded my bedspread
Cynthia We: On the bed like
Cynthia We: Because he was so he was a German Shepherd Collie mix and
Cynthia We: I just thought it was really funny how crazy. He was walking by.
Cynthia We: Imagine like yeah your dog is probably lose in it, but it's easy alerting you because there's so many people walking in my neighbor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Cynthia We: Um, I don't know what I want to do. I, I
Cynthia We: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Will have been having some trouble.
Cynthia We: Reacting to
Cynthia We: God, I'm, I'm trying. And I catch myself every time.
Cynthia We: I had some progress with love, my response to like last week we talked about, um, I feel like I she was right before you came on and I responded in a way that I would like to respond. Nice.
Cynthia We: Not, not getting
Gwenevere Abriel: She wanted time with you or she wanted to come in right before
Cynthia We: She just wanted to grab the I pad out of here.
Cynthia We: And then she realized that was on the phone or on computer. And she was like, oh no, and she was scared and I, oh no, it's okay. Go ahead. You can come in and I'm
Cynthia We: Surprised that response. So it wasn't pitching.
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: I responded every day when she asked me for the vanilla milk at night. I feel like I'm doing I'm really conscious of how I'm responding like I'm not acting like I'm you know flustered and bothered. I'm really making a conscious effort to respond the way
Cynthia We: I want to be. I don't want her to like annoying me. That's an awful.
Cynthia We: Breaks part
Gwenevere Abriel: I know and it's neat Cindy in very brave of you to bring us back to where we left off last time. That's what you just did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very brave of you and you sort of found your way here.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was very powerful that work you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm looking at some of the iteration statements.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was a phrase that you you used
Gwenevere Abriel: It's right at the end and I had said, hey, maybe let's let's keep this going. Let's not abruptly and maybe you could do some journaling.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't know if you ended up doing it, but it doesn't mean that the processing didn't happen. But she said, I can see her doing mental gymnastics trying to avoid offending Me and you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were sad. Your face looks at
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that's what you're talking about, again,
Cynthia We: Yeah, it's I feel like I spent my whole life doing that, trying to figure out how to approach. My mom so that she wouldn't get mad and I was ever
Cynthia We: And, um,
Cynthia We: And I, yeah, I saw the most feats that shoes like trying to figure it out and
Cynthia We: How I don't understand, like, how
Cynthia We: I wanted to not give that kind of like I did not want to do that to my kids. How is it that I end of exactly the same thing my mom.
Cynthia We: I hated it so much, and I don't understand. Like why I was like
Cynthia We: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we can get to the
Cynthia We: Always be
Cynthia We: The even partner for life is experienced me like this.
Cynthia We: That I caused her to have such a feeling of being a pop
Gwenevere Abriel: Psychology will give you stories and explanation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just make contact right now without intellectualizing without just sitting with
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the truth.
Cynthia We: You forget it's
Cynthia We: A very, it's very painful.
Well,
Cynthia We: Imagine it's like 17,000 times we're paying for
Cynthia We: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's be brave and sit with it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: When is your mom head on back then and had seen you,
Gwenevere Abriel: You just saw your donor.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sit there with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what it feels like to accept what is to not wish, it's something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not run away from this reality and wish for an image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Other than what is there it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Either run away, we sit here with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it gets gets
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you already did it differently because you were able to do it last week you were able to
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like catch yourself more frequently and you were intentional about your response. I'm conscious literally like awake conscious, it's, it's not just my irritation. It is how will my irritation affect another
Gwenevere Abriel: And and how does her response affect me. And so it's interpersonal. It's not just Cindy's irritated and frustrated
Gwenevere Abriel: Is existing and I care deeply about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's an and, and it has an effect.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we get the US folks in families us folks that are humans, right, because we're interacting with people. That's the deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: It won't be just one thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It has an effect. And if we have the courage to not go to right, wrong with it. This is the key just right. Hold on tight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Except that it's happening not going to. How could this be, this shouldn't be I intended it to be something else, since I was a little girl can't go there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it is
Gwenevere Abriel: It's right there. She's doing I recognize that that tiptoeing around and being afraid of me. I see it in her face. I know it myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how are you doing, tell me how your body's doing with this.
Okay.
Cynthia We: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know the end of the session. Do you know what you said right as a closure to the whole thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is going to surprise you. I bet I was like
Gwenevere Abriel: You said
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I don't have to be so angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: My mom isn't even like that anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: It happens when you have kids, it seems overwhelming. I don't need to be like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: They will appreciate it if I am more myself not flustered because I'm angry that I am failing miserably.
Gwenevere Abriel: Jim Shaughnessy doesn't feel that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: The part about the mom you did that all by yourself. We were was this I cheese. I'm angry at myself for fucking up and being so disorganized right and then right because I had, I stopped the EMT ER and I moved to
Gwenevere Abriel: The sort of inner, inner, inner, inner child piece and you were speaking to boys. Oh invoices to cheese. I was 20 years ago. You don't have to feel bad about that anymore. And then you on your own went to my mom isn't like that anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't say anything. Wait, sit with that try and do your own analysis and see wonder why I said my mom isn't even like that anymore. Is that meaningful. So if you can kind of sit with that question a little bit
Cynthia We: Why, I would say that
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't like why mom isn't like why
Cynthia We: Isn't all flustered and angry.
Cynthia We: With me
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're still responding like a little girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're not flustered and grab mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: So all it takes is you already have your good wisdom inside
Gwenevere Abriel: Punches be me. I know my family wants it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that amazing how
Gwenevere Abriel: You kind of already had the information yourself and it spontaneously came out.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then the next week you stopped being that mother and you're this new version. It's not as flustered. It's more awake. It's more conscious and there was
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: A better outcome. I'm assuming
Yeah.
Cynthia We: There was a practice.
Cynthia We: from Loyola she's surprised.
Cynthia We: And happy. I mean, she smiled and
Cynthia We: Really
Gwenevere Abriel: hard thing to see. Isn't it
Cynthia We: Is so hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can feel this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very strongly. This one is a
Cynthia We: And then I start going to, well, what have I done to get like
Cynthia We: I just stop right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that's the jacuzzi. A SHAME right there isn't.
There.
Cynthia We: Ready to jump in.
Gwenevere Abriel: But she's look what you're left handed just went
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all I need.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do have choice you can get in or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's there. If you want to give yourself a dose of punishment.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you really truly are.
Cynthia We: Going to help me change though.
So,
Cynthia We: I think change is the most important thing in this case. So
Cynthia We: I have to do something different.
Gwenevere Abriel: And behavior experiments and you did some all by yourself all by yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you like to come. Now, my guess is, there's more to come.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, more so that same skill that it took for you to sit with the discomfort of seeing
Gwenevere Abriel: The pain in your daughter's eyes, the fear in her eyes that you're the thing she's afraid of you have this one and you may have to sit with other really difficult things
Gwenevere Abriel: You up for the task.
Cynthia We: By now, yeah, totally.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think so. It's just this
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are, you know, what's on the other side of that just thoughts.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it may we're doing this hundred times in a particular day. Oh my gosh. You're relentless
Gwenevere Abriel: And you just go write it down. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now for some people, I'll get into the whole scheduled worry time. Another time, but I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm impressed.
Gwenevere Abriel: You played small and I can't do this home.
Cynthia We: Think
Cynthia We: I've come to think that a lot of this is about taking care of myself and making sure I get enough sleep like we're very, very simple things.
Cynthia We: Like eating on schedule. You know, making sure my blood sugar doesn't get low, it's, it's, like, very basic human stuff. And, um, and it's the first thing to go when I get stressed.
Cynthia We: When I get worried about things.
Cynthia We: Like that just goes out the door and I'm certain that that that they're related. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So for you, you need having maybe let's not downplay the elegance of halt.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Cynthia We: Are great angry lonely tired.
Cynthia We: Totally
Cynthia We: I totally identify with.
Cynthia We: Every single one of them. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're there for a reason.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can get angry at an oversimplification of how complex our interest psychic world is I'm more complicated than that. Give me a break. You can get angry and real against it. Or we can just resign ourselves. We've got to sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Eat and feed this machine, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right feel this sense of deeper connection with other humans as a spiritual connection, you know, there's just some fundamentals about us creatures that are you can want to be better than it but it will smack in the face again it
Cynthia We: all comes down to hurry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, am I hungry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right into this encounter already angry and resentful, and my lonely that kind of encapsulate a lot of in my disconnected.
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I tired. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Least check there and and then address those things. So yeah nice
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when I say there's going to be more. It's the stuff over there on the other side of this
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you pull it down. It's like, oh, look at what I've done to Teagan but that phrasing is problematic. It's more like
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just use this when you have tolerance that I am growing with
Gwenevere Abriel: Lola.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where I see reflected back at me, my own impatience.
Gwenevere Abriel: Other things that I find ugly about myself. I'll use that same skill and I will use it. Scott, and it will you visit with Teagan and I will use it with every but same skill different person. So what do we call that skill you have to do in order to see Lola sphere.
Cynthia We: I had to
Cynthia We: Be open to it, I guess.
Cynthia We: Perceptive
Gwenevere Abriel: So unconsciously, you are proceeding it all along. I'm going to tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's just
Cynthia We: It's just a became a willing to accept it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the word
Just
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And all next week. I've decided I'm going to do the whole every group. If I can less it turns into something yummy like a process group.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to be on radical acceptance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning
Gwenevere Abriel: The big ones I have abuse someone
Gwenevere Abriel: I have betrayed someone I have cancer.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have this disease.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had a shitty childhood.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was assaulted those this man I with his mean this child is hurting. I eat, how I just was five minutes ago. I'm talking about the ones that are psychological
Gwenevere Abriel: Rounding just
Gwenevere Abriel: says do not do it don't you do it don't you accept, you know, don't look at that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, what radical acceptances
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the victor Frankel of turning lemons into lemonade. It's our core. How does Viktor Frankl have a right to be happy in a concentration camp. How dare you.
Gwenevere Abriel: How
Cynthia We: How could he not, how could
Cynthia We: I love that. I love that because
Cynthia We: Of all places. I can't imagine being happy like that would be miserable and and
Cynthia We: I think it's the size of a very spiritually evolved person.
Cynthia We: That can be happy in the face of that.
Cynthia We: Happy in spite of being there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to
Cynthia We: Inspire inspired despite
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to be spiritually evolved.
Cynthia We: Oh, totally.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the downside of being spiritually evolved.
Cynthia We: Don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're there.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's a picture if you were involved.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would be some attributes of someone who's spiritually evolved.
Cynthia We: Um, I would say maybe
Cynthia We: Very connected to the people around them. I'm conscious of the world around them happy.
Cynthia We: Healthy
Cynthia We: Loving
Cynthia We: Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I did ask what's the downside.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I can't imagine the downside, except that, yeah, I can't, I can't think of
Gwenevere Abriel: Wealth and why on earth are you not already thinker.
Cynthia We: I know
Cynthia We: How to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Work. What's the actual work. It's not picking up a heavy object is it
Cynthia We: No, it's let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it
Cynthia We: Really thing, um,
Cynthia We: Except it's a cook.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wondering what the relationship would be like with Scott, if you just accepted what was going on right right in the moment.
Cynthia We: I've been wondering that myself and I have a book, we're
Cynthia We: Loving, what is
Cynthia We: Is the name of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which reminds me of Byron Katie is probably oh my
Cynthia We: God, it's totally her photo.
Cynthia We: Okay, I was reading it. I wasn't sure.
Cynthia We: If I should really like by this theory.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Cynthia We: I just heard it's her book.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, she is the one that came up with the phrase, and I use it all the time. I probably use it in that group, which was what would love to.
Cynthia We: She's the author. Oh, yeah. Oh, totally. Yes.
Cynthia We: I didn't make that connection.
Cynthia We: I haven't read the whole thing. I'm only have like the first chapter, I started reading it and then I got sidetracked.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, she um I you know I tell people, I'll say, I can't hear you. What you're saying because of how you're saying it you know someone's yelling at us or game.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's one of those people unfortunate for me. I was listening to an audio book of hers, and I couldn't do it because I can't stand her voice.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: So, you know, whatever. The doctor says this Byron Katie. I'm like,
Cynthia We: Oh,
Cynthia We: So funny.
Cynthia We: But if I ever want to know what it sounds like.
Cynthia We: The idea. Um, I think that the idea of just accepting
Gwenevere Abriel: Read. Yeah. Reading
Is great.
Cynthia We: It's
Gwenevere Abriel: Good stuff.
Cynthia We: Good stuff. That's funny. Interesting.
Cynthia We: But there and I
Cynthia We: Go to the library, you know, to drop low off and they have dollar books.
Cynthia We: I just can't turn down a book if I if I even remotely want to read it at some point in the future I will pick it up and it's great because you can spend like $20 and come with big stack of books.
Cynthia We: There's just pissing Scott on. He's like,
Cynthia We: Because with all these books. You just got rid of all your books. Why do you have something more. I'm like going to the library bookstore every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: You like her work. I think you will. Um, let's take take these last few minutes, and let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do some reflection.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, being this spiritually evolved person that
Gwenevere Abriel: being something that you want and that part of me is this accepting what is
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe taking a moment and thinking about your relationship to those
Gwenevere Abriel: Lofty concepts.
Gwenevere Abriel: what that might mean to you.
Cynthia We: I just think that that would be so
Cynthia We: Liberating
Cynthia We: Because just picks up
Cynthia We: picks up the facts.
Cynthia We: Rather than wishing them different because that doesn't do anything. It doesn't make any sense.
Cynthia We: And it just sets you up for disappointment and frustration. If you don't just accept what is right in front of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you didn't mention it, but the caution.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reality is
Gwenevere Abriel: That you may be the only one going on that path.
Cynthia We: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: You might change.
Cynthia We: Oh, OK.
And other people
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'll accept that.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You must
Cynthia We: Be accepting everything and and that would be accepting Marwan
Gwenevere Abriel: Right where you get mad.
Cynthia We: When I come to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, constant it. That's what this means. It means. Oh, look at me, expecting something
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I gotta, like, oh God, like a, like, oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: I just did it again huh
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just, it's going to be there again and again and again there's another layer of it, you'll discover another layer and another layer until this concept of just this groundless newness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you will flow to
Gwenevere Abriel: Be superhuman
Cynthia We: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me know how you do it, too, because I want to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't do that.
Cynthia We: You know all the spire
Gwenevere Abriel: Are we good for doing this again. Same time next week.
Cynthia We: Yes, yes. Again,
Cynthia We: Today, okey dokey. Have a good week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Teacher. Be good to hear.
Cynthia We: Thank you, you too.
Cynthia We: I